Rtrieu/browser sdk injection beta (#23419)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/_index.md

### Choose the right installation method

SDK injection

> : This method installs RUM by configuring your server to inject the SDK. RUM SDK injection is in private beta. Complete the form on [this page][28] to request access.

Reviewer: Anchor text like "this page" is bad for accessibility. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
: This method installs RUM by configuring your server to inject the SDK. RUM SDK injection is in private beta. To use this feature, [request access to RUM SDK injection][28].
```
